Update README.md (#39)
Azure-Samples/azure-openai-rag-workshop: trainer/README.md

## Content

> - The introduction slides are in the `docs/slides` folder, and available at https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-openai-rag-workshop-java/tree/main

Reviewer: Thanks for the catch! The URL should just not have the `-java` at the end though
```suggestion
- The introduction slides are in the `docs/slides` folder, and available at https://azure-samples.github.io/azure-openai-rag-workshop/
```
